**Feedback and decisions**

One key piece of feedback we received was concerning delay between the user and the game. We were worried about possibility of having the character ‘move’ based on voice a significant amount of time after the ‘screaming’ (or whatever mechanism for voice control). Preferably, the voice control would occur real-time. However, two members of the review session mentioned that they had integrated/tried to integrate voice control aspects. One of them found that the delay was severe and wasn’t immediate enough for a game. Another said they got it to work, but it was heavily dependent on internet speeds.

More specifically related to the voice control itself and how we could implement that into our game, we received a lot of helpful feedback which gave us direction for where to go in the future. We previously thought that we’d be choosing between really basic analysis of audio input (such as loudness or pitch) or something more complex such as speech recognition. Oliver and Tatiana brought up how we could instead try recognizing simple vowel sounds as different inputs, which would give us more flexibility and options for our game without severely compromising processing time. Oliver also suggested implementing machine learning in order to recognize these vowels. Moving forward, we plan on pursuing these suggestions.

Another piece of feedback that was sort of applicable were comments relating to Expo. One member said that if we wanted to present at Expo, we should probably lock down a separate room early and be sure to remove ambient noise/background noise so it doesn’t affect the game. Although not necessarily about the coding, I felt that this was import feedback because it forces us to tailor our game outside the context of our group/outside the context of a SoftDes project.

Also, we received the feedback about the gameplay that we hadn’t thought about before. One of the suggested gameplay part is moving the screen. The review panel suggested that we can make the screen only moves forward therefore pressuring player to keep move and add intensity to the game playing. Another suggested gameplay part was to make the gameplay cooperative instead of competition because one side can have slight unfair advantage even though it doesn’t seem like it and having slight advantage can discourage one of the player from having fun. 


**Review process reflection**

Overall we stayed somewhat close to our agenda, since our agenda was broadly defined. We really went through our structure thoroughly and were able to get a lot of valuable feedback. However, we didn’t explicitly present our current progress, although we made that clear implicitly during the discussion overall. Additionally, as the review went on, we started having more of our own questions, and it became more of an unstructured back and forth conversation because we felt this was a more beneficial use of our time than actually taking out a computer and showing our very basic game environment and character movement. 

In the future, if we were to do this review again, there are several things we could do differently to make more effective use of our time. We primarily focused on presenting some of our more solid aspects of our project that we had spent most of our time, and thus felt more confident about, but in the future it would be more useful to tackle the more unknown aspects instead. We planned to talk about our game structure, but we could have went into the review expecting to talk more about voice control, which is the more challenging aspect of our game. Additionally, we could have made more things clear from the beginning of the review as well, since there was some initial confusion about how we planned on implementing voice control in our game.
